"Nice product and on time delivery."
"Good service"
"Excellent Product As per description."
"Good Speedy Dispatch , Item received on 8/7/2014."
"Good packaging. Quick delivery. Nice price!"
"Good and recommendable. Best price."
"Amazon rocks !! best buying experience. 
Thankyou. !!"
"Very good product to monitor your blood pressure right from the comfort of your home."
"Excellent seller"
"Exactly what I ordered, on time"
"great>>"
"Very good product :) thanks for the excellent service"
"very very bad service. I bought a micromax mobile and during the shipment it was lost. I have to call them more than 20 times to get the refund."
"Great"
"Thanks !!! :)"
"Timely delivery and product as specified"
"Very fast delivery received within 24 hrs"
"Super fast shipping. Good pricing. Will definitely buy again."
"its 17th July 2014, and I am still waiting for my produch without any notification or any confirmation."
"product is correctly described, great service, recommended seller"
"sir, i didn't got my warranty paper of mobile purchased from Amazon. please provide me the warranty paper."
"very good"
"Shipment never arrived, I had to book it through a different website ad even got it at Rs 7,849. Rs 150 cheaper than this seller."
"Good one to buy at low cots, not much as i expected from the product usage, but grate service & delivery by Amazon"
"it was showing Rs 355 but on purchasing 360 rs billed, cant trust showing price and selling price are different."
"The product arrived on time as mentioned.The seller looks reliable in tems of delivery and quality..."
"Hi I'm pinging from Doha. I have ordered the item to my friend's place and he needs to bring the same tonight to here. when I tracked the package it reached near to destination yesterday.
but i dont know why its stuck there. I have ordered many times from Amazon and i was happy till this. Obviously this service is very bad. If the item is not received by today evening I will return the item back."
"Plz send me original bill to my address. I have not received bill. Plz call if any doubt. +91 9922426575"
"Its a good experience with the seller. Keep it up."
"Thanks!"
"quick service"
"First bad experience with Amazon.
Bottomline is its better to buy electronics the old fashioned way instead of online."
"good product. got for a decent price"
"I had ordered  a Capdase Sync and Charging Cable on 26-Jun-14. Cost for the item as mentioned on site is INR 522/-. The ordered item was delivered on 30-Jun-14 and payment of INR 522/- was done at the time of delivery. But MRP as mentioned on the item is only INR 399/-. Seller is selling his products on higher price then the MRP and not sure if Amazon team is aware about it."
"Good service. The item is working well."
"Great Product and timely delivery. cheers ! Recommended seller  A+++"
"I ordered for the Grey colour and they sent me the red one....i felt cheated"
"Delivery is Excellent but still I did not received the printed Bill for the Item."
"mast"
"just now i have received micromax canvas 2 colours A120 (white), but i dose not receive the bill. i'm very much upset for that reason. send me the original buyer billas soon as possible. if i will not get the original bill it will be my first and last thing to purchase from amazon.in and i also advice the people not to purchase from this site as i have suffered."
"On time delivery and product works fine."
"amazing service. Courier service is best. Product is awesome."
"good seller."
"Hope the device works well for some time, based on which we can comment finally."
"Very good pricing"
"Unfortunately it's lancing device did not work at all. The device is returned back on the prompt response of amazon services. There should be some quality checks before shipping to the customers. 
I doubt that such issues are unknown to the seller."
"They delivered phone with very 3rd grade packaging."
"Its a good service of delivery, but it can be better as if u deliver within 2 days of order."
"I purchased "JBL OnBeat Micro Speaker Dock with Lightning Connector" but the shop shipped "JBL OnBeat 30-Pin iPod/iPhone/iPad Speaker Dock". Actually the latter item is 2 times as expensive/large in size as the former one, that is what I paid for, however I wanted a  small one. The photo of the item on Amazon.in, which I reserved a screenshot of, is absolutely different from what they delivered."
"good product and delivery"
"Received in good condition. Received charger in black colour, wanted in white colour."
"Delivery and item is in good shape. However I can see the same item by other sellers in lesser price..."
"Satisfied with the product. Really appreciate the Seller for sending day-to-day updates and replacing the item. Thanks a lot."
"dfata transfer speed range 7to9 mbps initially ..."
"Such a worst experience, I had with you my hedset got repaired which in a month and from past 1 week I am trying to replace it but I was not able to do that , since your dealer ship is not authorized by the service centers I am facing Such a worst experience."
"the courier was not deliver till 20 june when it was booked on 13th june 2014. till 19 the sms updated the courier has been out for delivery and by today it will be delivered but when it was not delivered on 19. the courier has been tracked and found return on 15 june."
"the courier bluedart fellow came back today without even giving a call to the contact number provided to trace address  spoke to the blue dart guys at jammu. will be collecting the parcel personally  tomorrow..  think just one word. shoddy service.Flipkart is far better experience.doubt if i will try amazon again"
"Very best price & service, Excellent seller Thank you"
"gati courier If delivery is delayed at the time of delivery of the request to warn"
"defective piece received."
"I STOPPED PURCHASE FROM YOU NOW ONWARD"
"The product is faulty can you please have it fixed or replace it"
"Headset was too good for the price. Delivery happened in just 2 days. Happy Happy"
":)"
"Picture was not clear. But got the right product which was mentioned in the description. Sealed and in good condition. Satisfied with the service"
"Please cancle my order"
"came in earlier than the expected delivery date in good condition and the product is in very good working condition"
"clear, sturdy and transparent , easy to put on, not matte type though .."
"Awesome"
"wow excellent"
"great product and arrived on time (actually ahead of time)"
"free fastest delivery"
"i love it this seller promt and excellent service with good packaging and nice service"
"get the product before time good service keep it in same ways"
"Item dispatched Late..."
"Excellent and timely delivery of the product and in good condition."
"Best quality product."
"Amazing service from Amazon..Order on 5ht June and had opted for 1 day delivery and got it delivered much before the committed time. Too good people.. Way better than the worst,pathetic and ridiculous Snapdeal who did not deliver the product even after 7 days... great job by Amazon & Gadgets Guru..."
"thanks..good service..let it continue...good wishes..."
"Excellent Service. On advise, please use Bluedart instead of FedEx."
"I paid 30 bucks for the gift wrap, but it was the worst possible gift wrapping I have ever seen, Otherwise, it was good"
"Haven't received the package till date...
Status showing out for delivery on 12th....
Please update"
"Good Service, Product as described."
"good"
"Good Seller Prompt Shipment A+++++++"
"slowest service and delivery...took them more than 3 days to deliver a simple product.while other websites were offering quicker service I did the mistake of choosing amazon"
"plz cancel mobile  but me money no availbale less problem thanks"
"The phone is having scratch on its screen,very poor quality"
"Really good product with good brand and economically priced.."
"Everything was excellent!"
"I bought this for my dad for Father's day, he loves it, arrived on time , great service."
"Will recommend to my friends"
"Delivered on next day. Good"
"Nice Product with Excellent Packing"
"Request despatch the package to the Address as we had gone outstation"
"Nice product. Just as I expected"
"amazing product
 value for money
delivery on time"
"Good."
"NO RECEIVED MY MATERIAL."
"GOOD FOR ITEM DELIVERY"
"i didnt get ma iteam pls look into it.........."
"Good One !!"
"nice experience with this seller"
"Great work team... Kudos ....Thanks :)"
"Don't faith on this seller, it fraud they did cheating with me by selling 8GB capacity iphone with a sticker of 16GB over the box. Its very fraudulent and unethical way."
"-----------------------"
"Good service product arrived on time as promised and quality is also good ."
"Great Price, genuine product"
"good"
"Genuine product and excellent delivery."
"Thanks.we received the product 4 days before the estimated date. This was my first product from amazon..Well packed..thanks a lot...and also i really like the instant online chat option with amazon costumer care executive. looking for more products to purchase from here!."
"excellent"
"Dear Seller, 

Got my parcel but i have not received below mentioned items. So please look into it.

Pending Product :
SPE 58mm Lens Filter Kit for Canon EOS EF 3.0 
Tulip 58mm Flower Lens Hood (Black) for Canon EOS 55-250mm 18-55MM EF Lens..

Regards, Sunil Nirmal"
"First i say Thanks for your packing."
"I am not Happy with the Product Quality."
"I didnt receive the item but i got a text state that they delivered. Where did you delivered the product?

Tracking #:
606903634941
Order #:
403-8325194-0325961"
"Very Clear Sound, Nice Product by a Indian Brand"
"Amazing Deal and Product at this Price"
"Bill was not provided with the shipment"
"Recieved a used laptop bag."
"Thank you for quick delivery as I wanted it immediately."
"Gati Service is very  poor"
"Thank you for delivering a genuine product on time."
"Very good service. I got the product delivered in 2 days. Recommended"
"item is old stock, please dont sell old stock items."
"NOT ORGINAL NOKIA NO VOLUME ON SPEEKER NOT ORGINAL BATTARIE"
"Timely delivery by Seller"
"my phone giving problem so please replace it"
"The seller has not contacted us till today & I am surprised how Amazon.in is not paying ny attention towards the delivery of the item even after expiry of 7 days whereas they are claiming to be deliver within 2 days."
"Good Product........"
"fast shipping...received quickly and in good condition"
"Hi,

The mobile received is not properly sealed at the top, there is gap between the front panel and back panel(only at the top). Please let me know what should I do.

Thanks,
Manohara.KS"
"Very Good seller...safe transaction..."
"really good product as well as service"
"over the week, the consignment is still have not delivered. earlier it was shown 17th May"
"service is not up to the mark. Not delivered the product which I ordered."
"yes received the material as shown & ordered....thanks ........piyush joshi"
"Order delivered on time Good service :) 
thanx amazon 
Headphones are pretty good ,there is a volume rocker ,a mic and the sound quality is good
The head phones could be a bit more comfortable but thats the best wat u can get fr 350/-"
"This card was great and working perfectly for a week's time, now it can't store new photos, videos and the most saddest part is that it cannot be formatted also. Please let me know how should I replace this under warranty? Please help me replace this at the earliest."
"Thanks Gadget Guru....product was very well packed....and was delivered in timely manner...."
"awesome as i mentioned"
"I am impresses by amazon services."
"Very NIce product and seller shipped it promptly in same day. Thank you."
"The weighing machine was obviously not quality tested as it gave a different weight every time I tried it. The variation was to the extent of 5 kgs. I ordered to return the items the same day. Still waiting for that to happen."
"Item as described and on time"
"Product arrived in the safest packaging and on time."
"the product arrived on time and what was packaged well.seems  to be as solid a case as promised but will have to  wait and see!"
"Great Work....Gadgets Guru\Amazon..Perfect product and prompt delivery. You have made a big difference in e-shopping keep it up."
"excellent service"
"ok"
"very good service"
"Item as described and passed h2testw check."
"no much to say...my star rating will tell u"
"good packing but bad behaviour by bluedart service man..........."
"Excellent Service and the Item arrived much before the estimated time!!"
"Loved the product. Fantastic delivery speed"
"delayed for 3 days as they mentioned"
"Item as described. Works perfect!"
"Withour one year manifacturer,s warrenty certificate."
"Still not received my Mobile phone which is ordered on 25th May-14 & today is 8th Jun-14. Should I trust on you ??
Still there is no correspondence from your side. Better you reture my mone with valid reason. And I am file compaline agaist the fraudisiam to Consumer court as well as Authority."
"The S5 box I received had Samsung 'DO NOT ACCEPT IF THIS LABEL IS OPENED OR TAMPERED' sticker cut. It was neatly cut with blade, which means that box was opened. Even the bottom Samsung label was tampered. There was a seller label on the side of the box. By seeing that Samsung label was cut, I did not bother to even open the box and see mobile. I returned it next day."
"Item received before 2 days as mentioned. And the product is well packed and in good condition. Good seller and good service."
"Was packed well and served the occasion as it was for a special reason. Thank you Amazon...u r really amazing. 7 stars for the same."
"I received it in my home"
"There is problem in handset, Internal speaker not working. Please replace the handset.
Don't have seller's contat no.
Shipment was also late."
"Good Seller..."
"Good"
"Good Job!!"
"On time Delivery As Committed."
"Go for it .Really good memory card in this price range"
"thanks"
"thanks"
"Good Product for cheap Price Thanks"
"very good"
"My Order Id ,404-6058250-8050715  , I have not yet received. Please do the needful"
"Arrived before time, excellent service."
"EXCELLENT"
"I am fully satisfied with this product..thank you..expecting more again.."
"Good!!!"
"Never India Post to be so prompt in delivery.... Good Service.
Good cheap mobile... I gifted this to my relative. Very good feedback. I got it @ 1074/- ..Value for money."
"Good and cost effective products."
"Liked this product at lowest price."
"awesome seller."
"Outstanding."
"Not received the order ,
i suppose to receive today before 8pm.

I never expected this from amazon."
"i did not revice my package . i recived msg from amaoz for addtinoal adress. or  expressed inability to locate your address. 
plz rply me or contacted with me"
"liked your service."
"Fantastic"
"I ordered this item on 29-04-2014 and its arrived on 6th May on time as stated in the estimated delivery without knowing a shock was awaiting for me inside. Opened up the box; it contained phone, charging cable and manual. However it dint have battery!! I quickly checked my order status anything mentioned about battery not included. but it was not. how could one forget to include battery!! Awful.."
"order this product on 02.05.2014, as per your promise to deliver on 05.05.2014/06.05.2014 by 08.00 pm i received this product on 07.05.2014. No contact or SMS reg this conveyed on my number  also in your site as yet Item showing DISPATCHED condition.  ....................Birendra Kumar Gupta"
"do not  trust this seller, they cheat, he delivered a far inferior model to what i ordered. i ordered modem router, they delivered different model which is only router, half the cost, i paid."
"Nice product"
"Good service"
"late delivery by Amazon"
"Quick service..got delivered within 72 hours.. thanks"
"good seller"
"Awesome product @ affordable cost.."
"Dear Team,

There is problem in cell phone network keep disconnecting every 1 or 2 minutes can i get the replacement for it."
"Although the delivery of the product was on time. But there are few flaw which I have noticed on the product. The picture quality of the camera is not upto the mark as seen on reviews mentioned in different sites."
"Good work"
"nice product....fast delivery...very good seller..A++++...."
"item as described,lowest price on internet.very happy to shop :-) :-)"
"its good"
"Good packaging & excellent service."
"SPEED SERVICE"
"As Described, Go for it!"
"Good Product. Prompt delivery"
"Good Service :)"
"Nice Product and Nice deals"
"Amazing service (y)"
"product is wonderful... I love it... good delivery... working good. thanks."
"product is not the same as in the picture"
"worst service, product has not been delivered but it says that it was delivered yesterday"
"i think the price you have kept for this product is little high... it should be couple of hundereds cheap. but this item meets my demands exactly. thakyou for ur awesome service. kindly inform me about the warranty of this product..."
"The item was neatly packed when delivered. Thank you."
"I had ordered 16A surge Protectors of Belkin make but received the lower model with 6A rating. Did not receive any invoice from Amazon instead received invoice from Gadgetguru.com. When I contacted Gadgetguru.com's phone number as given in invoice ,I was told to contact amazon.com and not them. I need the replacement urgently,still running for solution"
"Good one."
"good"
"Nice job. Awsome product , Value for money..."
"The order was delivered as before committed. Product working good. Love the windows system."
"Excellent delivery, got product in one day that too in normal delivery. Decent packing, genuine product. Recommended."
"I have received the item on time i.e. on 29th Apr 2014.
However, the mobile handset received is defective one (No network signal strength). I want either replacement or refund for my order."
"Very pleased with the overall experience. Will certainly return."
"Excellent buy in this range as it has most updated andriod os in this price range and delivery is extremely fast...I endorse the seller and Amazon gr8 job"
"memory card not working"
"good"
"Item was well packed and in good condition."
"Very good seller"
"Thank you Amazon and team. :)"
"Thank you. The delivery boy gave me the package with a smile. Thank you Amazon, seller and delivery agency for your committed and sincere great job. :)"
"Good Seller A+++++"
"Still not received the order.
Please update in the matter."
"Excellent service by the seller! Thank you."
"Prompt delivery. Highly recommended"
"The product was deliver on time as committed. Though there is some issue with the sound quality of the phone , will appreciate if someone can connect with me and sort the same."
"Fast Shipping and Trusted seller"
"great product . prompt shipment."
"Thank you for your prompt delivery."
"Good :)"
"Good packing and delivery time. thanks"
"I had also ordered a phone from them and then the television. I was very happy with the service they provided.The mobile phone was on time but the television was delayed due to some paperwork in India that had to be done. On the whole I was very pleased with their service, would use them again and will recommend them. They were prompt in their response and I give them high marks"
"Excellent Seller. Highly Recommended A +++
Good product, works as described."
"I am happy with this transaction. But I have a concern, the email of the mobile phone brings an illusion that the phone is rectangular (which is normal phone shape). But the actual phone is almost in squire size! I have seen this email on almost all online retailers."
"Exceeded delivery expectations. Keep up the good work!"
"good one"
"Prompt delivery, Amazon were delivering the product on Sunday's also...."
"Please cancel the order. Was thinking that someone will call before confirming the order"
"good product"
"Genuine Product ! Awesome seller ! Faster ship."
"Hair styling accessories worth Rs.425 free  are Missing!!!! Link >> http://goo.gl/aPQlwb 
Disappointed by Amazon...."
"Excellent service fast delivery good packaging nice service"
"Gud service.."
"About Service...... Keep up Amazon! Delivered 3 Days before Estimated date! 
Nd Now About THE PRODUCT,...CANVAS DOODLE 2.....Fantastic phone with well packed features,....Looks beautiful with its big HD Screen! 
Totally Worh it!@Rs14,375,....Must have,..... :-)"
"Good Product. No Keep Warm ndicator"
"Awesome product and great service...Well packed and sealed."
"Very good and prompt shipping.."
"excellent item,,, like to buy another items too fromthe seller..."
"Excellent. Service... Received the product in third day.   And the product is genuine... Also very perfect packing"
"amazon website matters. great online shopping poratl great"
"good price fast delivery'"
"prompt delivery. no issues with the product! A++"
"Product deliver after 4 days."
"Great product at an affordable price and is also the least price that is available across all websites. Can rely on amazon for genuine and good products. The delivery is always prompt and before estimated time."
"Very fast in Delivery and very good packing."
"best of the best of the best of the best"
"Good service"
"Nice service... good"
"Have i forgoten to put my phone number in my order for nokia lumia 625? because my number is not displaying in my account or in the mail i got from you guys. if i have forgotten my number pls update it, this is my number 9620530515."
"So cute.
Don't judge because its Small....hahaha
Thank you AMAZON. I totally love this."
"Very satisfied with the seller. I received the item in very good sealed condition. I was impressed with the packing in particular"
"product is delivered within time and its good."
"good product"
"awesome speakers.
Hats off to JBL such a little device but big on sound."
"Hi, I am facing some problem with the battery half life and heating of my iball slide. kindly look into the matter.
manish"
"Nice experience"
"Product was in good condition. Its been a month that we got the product and no issues with so far."
"Protective Packaging of the product was not good. The product was not having any company seal on the box, so it may have been opened earlier. No Warranty card along with the headphones. Ensure to provide all related documents with product. However the product was good and delivered even a day before expected delivery.
Satisfied with delivery and product but not with packaging and documents."
"H@pPi with the Gadget :)"
"Dont Cheat people like this  .this  is not working properly and no voice clarity.the pin is loosecontacting"
"quick delivary"
"Thank You !!"
"Thanks"
"Excellent service by seller.""
"awesome delivery... Keep it up.. Thanks."
"Amazing Service ..... One day delivery..... Love it...!!!  For all deliveries .... hifted from Flipkart to Amazon.... Now my favourite site..... Again...Love it... Thanks a lot .... right in time for my mom's birthday....Thanks again..."
"Very interesting"
"Nice Service. Keep going like this :)"
"Nice seller. Fast delivery."
"excellent product and delivered on time."
"One of the phone speaker is not working"
"Nice"
"Excellent"
"i need and invoice for this"
"timely delivery. the product isnt great, but the seller was prompt"
"Right on time and in perfect condition !"
"Good Product.
Probably not worth the box marked price. But at less than Rs.850/-, is a great buy.
The cord is a little short, but considering it a portable speaker, can't complain much.
Overall Satisfied !!! After I got it, couple of friends more from office liked it, and have ordered it too !!!"
"Perfect Dispatches 

Thank you ..."
"Yes very good service"
"very good and before time delivery..."
"bet product niccccccccccccccc"
"The product was delivered on time, and was as advertised."
"Thanks for the prompt delivery and the product is excellent!!!"
"Yes really I satisfied because of you response about my purchase."
"good"
"Excellent service packaging and price only problem I am facing is that phone automatically switches on when we are charging it ,"
"Wire has too thin,and bass quality was not good,other than its good."
"Excellent !!"
"Good Seller"
"Amazing packaging and fast shipping"
"Amazing packaging and fast shipping"
"I have no experience about this seller earlier but when I using product of gadgets guru I feel this product is very good.--Prasenjt S."
"Excellent service.with prompt delivery as per date given. Very competitive price particularly for this product as compared to other online services
Looking forward to deal online for other products also.Thank you. Srinivasan"
"Item packing is felt very safe."
"Received item before time."
"it was a nice experience. I am happy."
"Nokia products do not need reviews to be known...
Because it is already known itself.
I order this phone, and got it the next day.
the packing for of Item was just AMAZING.

The thing I like the most in here is the delivery service,
I have bought from many shopping website,
However, Amazon.in is still the best in India.
I like you people. ^_^"
"excellent"
"Thanks for the product. It was a prompt service which properly packed and delivered within time."
"nice product and service too"
"Excellent Service By Amazon, received product well before the promised date, received timely updates on shipment status, nice, simple packaging. Good service by Amazon. 
The SD card is good, much faster than cards that I used previously. Have not extensively used card yet but just added to my cell phone and working well so far,"
"Prompt delivery and well packed."
"Good"
"No problems at all!"
"The prompt service of Gadgets Guru was appreciable. Keep the good work going..."
"product was delivered much before the said delivery period..."
"All fine but i got the product few late. Anyway its ok.."
"sorry, i didn't bother to send the feedback. It is excellent."
"No more words to say. Simply the best of the best product with Amazon and Seller.  Excellent."
"iBall USB Melody Bar Speaker is a overall good product. Only bad thing is  "  It's sound goes worse more after 60% sound volume of any laptop"."
"Very nice packing,, good quality :)"
"nice product..."
"Good Seller...Right time delivery"
"WAS NICE PRODUCT REACHED BEFORE TIME, I AM USING IT...SPEED IS GOOD, PERFORMANCE IS GOOD.............. .......... ............. .................. ................. ................."
"very good service"
"Online delivery in Amazon was awesome."
"GR8 SERVICE"
"Working well with Samsung mobiles also... stylish in design.. cheap in price..."
"Good good"
"Most excellent service , would shop with Amazon and Gadget Guru in the future positively.Many Thanks"
"On the side of price range i felt amazon.in offered me a good deal but lack of the focusing led like other models in the market it is a kind of disappointing well it a kind of not customer satisfaction matters all the time.

gadgets guru hope u will come again with this kind of offers again!"
"Prompt delivery. Nice packaging."
"A+++++++"
"Very nice.."
"Fast shipping, Item as described, will purchase again"
"good service, thanks."
"good product"
"Nice phone.. easy to use.."
"Awesome"
"Good experience. Timely delivery. Awesome product at a much lower rate than that on other sites and other sellers on Amazon itself"
"Overall Good experience"
"good"
"The item is defective and i want to get it replaced as soon as possible. There is a lot of problem with the phone and i can not use it."
"VERY GOOD PHONE AT BEST PRICE"
"shipping was somehow slow, however packing was good and product is exellent"
"The commodity was booked on 7th March, now it's 30th march. But still no trace of my package."
"Excellent packing &  quick delivery from amazon. I have given 5 Star rating for the seller GadgetsGuru because of their service, support & items condition & packing."
"jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj"
"BEST ****"
"This looks small but packs in hell of a punch. I not three and m going to order more because its on a great offer and its a really nice gift for friends and family."
"gr8 performance"
"good................................."
"Good product and fast delivery"
"too late to delivery"
"good"
"the product i got was 2 year old and no warranty card also. Is the seeler is joking with their customers by sending 2 years old items."
"The device turn out to be a defective piece which is kind of irritating. This have created a doubt in my mind for ordering online for electronic items. Overall not a good experience"
"The box was consisted of phone, charger, and screen protector. In the box there was a slip stating that the flip cover is not covered warranty, I checked for the flip cover and it was missing??????         I don't know what to do regarding this.............."
"awesome product with awesome service my order arrived in just one day!!!!
And the product was also very nice and got it in less price too :)"
"no issues, you can trust this seller"
"Although the order was delivered on expected day of delivery, seven days is a quite long time to deliver an order in a city like Gwalior. Please reduce your delivery time."
"Very good service, i got product 2 day before estimated date provided by seller."
"The service was good to re-order."
"Fast delivery and good packing."
"The MRP stamped on the packet is only Rs 859. However, you have listed in Amazone site that the MRP of this wireless mouse is Rs 1495 and offered a discount of 53% which is falsifying the fact to attract people to buy a relatively older product (date of packing Sept 2011). I think I got an old product for a higher amount."
"Item delivered to Belgaum - Karnataka with in 3 days... good delivery service"
"It was a gift for my dad and he's happy with this phone! Value for money and of course a prompt delivery from Amazon as always!"
"A++++++++"
"good"
"very good"
"Fastest delivery and good packing. Item so nicely sealed and intact. Flip cover and earphone is your exceptional gift not provided by others. Wishing all the best and willing to buy from you in future too. Good day-"
"Excellent Seller.........."
"Neatly packaged, though the gift wrapping paper used could be better. Product meets expectations. Thanks"
"Genuine seller. Fast shipping. Shipment was packed very well."
"Good"
"Good Seller, Huge Discounts, Fast Amazon Shipping, Good Packing, Prompt Delivery. A++"
"hi, 
out of two speakers one in not working after 2 weeks , please let me know the process for replacing the item."
"Fast delivery good packing and Product is OK."
"Actually I opted for one day delivery but I did not get the product on time.  tired to contact Amazon customer service, after waiting 15 mins spoke to some one and she put me on hold finally call got disconnected  .   very bad..."
"Item not delivered on time, no intimation also from seller about delay in delivery. Quite poor service."
"i dont want to purchase this mobile so please do not deleiver it to me that was selected by a mistake"
"slow delivery not yet reached even after the date is over"
"This was delivered to me on May 14 in the evening instead of May 13. I have not received the warranty card with this printer. Kindly help and arrange to send it to me. Thanks"
"Ok"
"Item as described. Excellent packaging."
"Dear Sir,
I have purchased Dual SIM Nokia Asha 501 on 10th May 2014. But SIM 1 is not working and tryied to contact of amazon.in but there is no contact no available. Also contacted of Nokia customer care they refered me for seller. Please help me."
"its very good, but i dont like the half headphone"
"Nice ! Prompt"
"timely delivery and got what i wanted ,+rep!"
"Best product"
"Although it stated that the product will be delivered within 2 working dates, It was delivered in a record date of 1 working day. I booked this on saturday, 1st of march, in the afternoon. seller shipped the product by the same night and the product reached me monday afternoon."
"A+++++++++++++"
"Good pkg"
"Product was packed well. Shipped with FedEx and arrived well on time. Good seller. Thank you!"
"Prompt delivery."
"Packing was good and delivered on time. Thanks"
"very excited and happy to get my order on the 4th day. appeciate prompt delivery .......amazon=amazing service........let's see how it turns out now"
"Delivered what was described in the listing. Excellent packaging."
"i did not received any update on my cell phone 9582408461.
i will be free to receive delivery of the ordered item on 19/3/2014(wednesday) and 20/14/2014 (thursday) between 11 am-5pm ,if informed in advance."
"Very Good product as described, Would like to recommend the seller, Excellent Service by Amazon"
"Quick and accurate."
"Awesome Service & Product Thanks...."
"cheapest price,right time delivery,good packing,vat paid bill"
"Item was as described. Accessories were proper."
"Super fast delivery. Awesome (extremely safe) packing. WIll surely recommend others to choose this seller."
"Good.."
"Excellent service by seller."
"very good. delivered before expected date."
"gr8"
"mobile is good but price is growing up by you day taday"
"gud gud"
"its good a little slow"
"On-time delivery and no hassles, whatsoever!"
"Delivered within 2 days. Nicely packaged. As described. Perfect"
"Prompt delivery. Nice packaging. Product as described- in pristine condition. I appreciate the service."
"good service"
"Good Phone for the budjet..."
"this seller is one of the stupid ever....."
"good"
"Good service."
"Excellent Hair Styler, and excellent service by Amazon !!!!!!!!! Thank you Amazon."
"good"
"Great product. Warranty provided here is more than the one the Philips guys are saying at their stores. Weird!"
"one word comment: Excelent"
"Thanks for a quick delivery, the product is fine and fab. Thanks."
"Great and recommended seller. Dispatched the product promptly the very next day I placed the order. Good packaging and product was new and as described. Thanks, will shop again."
"Delivered before estimated time..all accessories were present"
"I have not received any bill.. Please send me at once for my future considerations..."
"received the item in good condition"
"packaged very poorly and was torn at the time of delivery ,,...so i refused...."
"Shipping was prompt. The item was delivered by the given date. The packaging was good."
"very poor experience . Seller send me a defective product.  Battery is of 1430mah but still it giving very low backup."
"The product is not what it is seen in the picture. I will consider it as cheating from the seller as well as from Amazon.
Answer me at vinodgraut@yahoo.co.in.
Next time I'll reconsider my decision to buy if the seller is GadgetsGuru."
"Excellent service"
"Nice seller"
"A++++"
"Item is till excellent and satisfied myself."
"got a good discount and amazon was cheapest among online portals. Got it on time"
"Hi i like the packing and the speed of post but the tracking system is so worst , it is not seller fault but they can change parcel service. I am glade this much expensive iteam i will send online and its deliver perfectly fine without any damage or diffect in product. This is my first experiance with Amazon and with this seller and both are awesome .
I defenitely recommand this seller to all ."
"Great Experience"
"Very good product and very good Seller too.."
"Phone was good. But the box was not sealed and it was dirty. Really leaves you wondering if this is someone else's return that has been shipped..."
"Excellent Experience"
"The product that i got was not working. It didnt get swtiched on..when tried to charge it says fully charged. Its a faulty product. I asked Amazon for exchange with another, they say i have ask for a refund, which will take atleast 1 week to 10 days. its pathetic"
"Thanks. The item arrived promptly.   
The packet  brought to me at noon  31st January 2014. by the Postman of Indian Postal Service.It looked bit shabby and tempered. I got it weighed before the postman. It weighed only 240gms much less than the printed weight. I refused to accept the packet.
Please investigate the matter thoroughly. It was too bad, disgraceful and disappointing."
"Good seller!Great deals and prompt service!"
"OK!!!!!"
"Delivered the item before expected date ........"
"good"
"very quick delivery as mentioned. excellent packaging with cushions provide din the box for support ."
"good service"
"Ok"
"Good Service and Delivery is great.Ordered on sunday night,Got it delivered on tuesday."
"really a fast and safe delivery"
"I ordered cyan but received phone with pink headset. It does not suit the phone."
"Fantastic! They arrived on time and in great packaging. I'm very happy with the experience."
"good experience"
"great"
"excellent"
"good seller"
"arrived on time"
"i am happy"
"Good Seller,Visit Again.... "
"good and fast service."
"Properly packaged, quick delivery."
"perfect"
"was amazon fulfilled item, hassle free experience"
"i does not got my headphone.. and  no one contact me my no. mention on my account +918285300854"
"While I got the order on time (1 day delivery), the package didn't had the Combo offer lense with it i.e EF-S 55 250IS II lense was missing. And sadly Amazon don't have the option of sending the missing part separately, hence I had to return the whole package. Very disappointed since I wanted to use the kit badly. Had the seller shipped all items, the harassment could have been avoided."
"Order Number 404-0212300-8994777
I have not received my package, Amazon Customer Care confirmed that the package is lost. I have placed the order again, as Amazon is going refund the money I paid for my this order.
My request is to you to use a better / reliable logistics to deliver my product.

Thanks,
Dhiman"
"Good Product!"
"GadgetsGuru very excellent service"
"Excellent packing,  received 1 day before stipulated time,  and Excellent price compared to remaining online portals"
"everything is fine only the issue is , ear phone should be according to the color of phone"
"This was the Fastest Delivery Experience I have ever had, very happy with the quick delivery, just in 24 hours.
Product is as Described."
"Webpage says 32 GB SSD. Not found in the laptop. Very disappointed by the misinformation. Returning the laptop. Now to wait for my refund."
"sent different model.. I returned it"
"iteam reached was good but time taken was too much only problem with this seller not reached on time ....so becarefull...as it might take mor time than wht you expect :p but got good product "
"I am happy to get the product from this seller at a competitive price (2,400/- inclusive of shipping) where its market price was around Rs. 2700 - 2900/- + shopping time + transport. Mind blowing Packaging serice from amazon I should say.

Item was as described."
"Available at much lower rate than market and being delivered by amazon, arrived within 2 days."
"They have delivered a faulty product. I was away on holiday, came back today to notice that the juicer is not working. They say that the return's window has closed yesterday.
on the first instance how can they deliver a product which is not working, when plugged in the switch (light) is not coming on.
very poor service, do not buy from this seller, unreliable"
"Though I received the order well in time, the card was not there "
"Working fine and im satisfied with the product"
"Thank you so much..I have received the Product today.."
"Nice packing..Fast delivery thanx.."
"Good"
"seller send defective product.."
"Had a problem with Sound Balance.."
"Prompt seller shipped the product through amazon fulfilled service with very good packaging and reached under the 3 days time."
"Good Product and Seller."
"nt that good "
"i received package today, saving lot of my days"
"The item got delivered within 2 days and was a really good experience."
"Product received in good time. Excellent service"
"Delivery was at lighting speed !"
"Quicker delivery than projected. Item as described. Easy to handle, however remember to press down the fruit to start rounding. Received what I ordered."
"great deal"
"VERY GOOD EXPERIENCE WITH THIS SELLER. BUT A DAY AFTER MY ORDER THE RATE OF THE PRODUCT WAS SLASHED TO ABOUT INR40.00 

APART FROM THAT I HAD A NICE EXPERIENCE WITH AMAZON, SINCE THIS IS THE VERY FIRST ORDER I MADE."
"No complaints what-so-ever. Product was nicely packaged and delivered as committed."
"delivery is so poor.Tracking the 589913478940 the package arrived on 28th @ chennai and not delivered till 31st dec 12noon."
"Would love to buy again.....awesome service...."
"on time and good product"
"Reliable seller will do business again"
"*FAST DELIVERY*AWESOME SELLER* "
"The item was not delivered on time, however the customer service was prompt and friendly which was far better than other online shopping websites. "
"excellent delivery time... i received the package before i could even think was possible... and the packing was absolutely up to the mark..."
"Fair enough transaction. "
"A+ seller"
"excellent product."
"thanks for the delivery"
"the product was company sealed..thats what i expected..thanks"
"excellent product...."
"The price and the delivery part was excellent, but i had a small problem after 3 or 4 days while using the camera in the phone, Suddenly i was not able to use the camera, the display while using through the camera was looking greenish and the next morning the problem got resolved, don't know what exactly the reason is."
"Good Service and competitive price."
"best service"
"Good"
"Sellers Cheat Me And Gave Me A defective Product."
"Good. Give product at this rate. 
Good quality also."
"Seller lost track of order. No attempt made to contact me to deliver. Package lying in destination location for more than 3 days without any action. Multiple attempts made by me to push the packg with no result. No ownership from anyone. Payment has been done, now no one seems to care. Status updated is a white lie saying it was rejected by me. No communication between seller & courier. Disgusting."
"on time delivery"
"Seller was good. Prompt Delivery. Reasonable pricing."
"AAA+++ service"
"good Product Fast Delivery ******"
"good Product Fast Delivery ******"
"Very prompt delivery and delivered within 48hrs of Ordering. Very good packaging as well. "
"Soooooperb work, 101% satisfaction ;)"
"I feel a bad experience with Amazon. I asked for a soft copy of invoice, and the service that amazon done is not a Customer Satisfied Service. I was just done for the sake of work by your employee. The PDF Invoice that I received is not printable. I mean even if I print it is coming very worst."
"I highly recommend the seller"
"Smooth transaction."
"Packaging and Service is Excellent. Deliver to Home town, in time. One hiccup, I had to go to Head Post Office to collect the  product. Overall good experience."
"I was informed that the item was not available near the date of last delivery date. I wanted to be informed earlier so that I could get tthe refund ealier."
"nice experience! "
"Delivery was good. I got the item 2 days before expected delivery date. Packing was good. Product is very good. And moreover i got the best product at cheapest price. I just thank all from taking order, packing to delivery were impressive. I just like them much."
"Reasonably good service"
"Item was not in original packing, but it is working and in good condition. Good seller."
"Timely delivery"
"Quick dispatch and delivery"
"Adaptor is missing.i couldn't re-charge my trimmer.The given cable is also not suitable.The seal was broken while delivering the product."
"Highly Recommended Seller :)"
"Very good product at minimum cost. "
"Excellent delivery... delivered in less than 24 hours... awesome product
"
"Item was bad packaged. Defective wire in headphone. placed it for return."
"The item as not per seller describes. They sent an alternative item which doesn't have pop up blades. But I was not aware of that on time, although the item is good and genuine. "
"My item is not delivered and returned, even curier had no contact with me during delivery."
"item received in good condition but it doesnt have invoice(bill).My doubt is ,bill got missed or items from online wont be given bill?"
" Typing using same keyboard now. Its good did not paid much attention in comparison with others."
"I like the product very much it is very useful. and the best part is its blade are washable."
"The delivery was on time as usual, I always check for the sign "Amazon Fulfiiled" since Amazon never disappointed me in terms of delivery till date. Good job with the product, it was delivered and performs as described."
"got the item as described and i am satisfied by amazon service"
"They sold me Google nexus 5 for Rs. 31,999 which is Rs. 3000 more than the MRP of Rs. 28,999!!
On top of that they are justifying by saying that I paid extra for shipping - this is when shipping is free on Amazon!! 
Hope Amazon does something as otherwise I would have purchased a phone in "black" from Amazon "
"on site price Rs.370/- when I Placed the order ,billing made @rate of Rs.407/- it is unfair "
"Good packing and delivery timing."
"Delivery within time. i like that"
"product is not upto my expectation.
transfer rate is very less not as compared to my other HP pendrive."
"Good"
"GOOD"
"excellent"
"Great experience with Amazon e.shopping. Thanks :)"
"Super service and delivery system ! Liked to shop on Amazon ."
"Excellent product, excellent service."
"No hassle order and delivery. Will come back for more!"
"Awesome packing, really impressed...."
"item is defective."
"Very Good Service so happy placing the order again as they had given good support"
"how i can i confirm the product is a genuine one??
there is no warranty card in the package"
"A one service "
"Great Seller, Fast Delivery"
"Good service"
"ok!"
"Package was shipped within half hour after i ordered. Nice Service. Awesome Deal!"
"Excellent seller, excellent price, would love to buy again from him."
"I purchased Nokia Asha through Amazon's Fulfilled option, in which I got superb service from the seller and from the Amazon too. Item arrived as it was described on the site. The packaging was very good, Kudos to the Amazon team. "
"Good Product"
"Amazon fulfilled transaction so no problems anywhere. First buy from amazon and a pleasant one at that. Product is simply amazing."
"good exp."
"The laptop crashed before 2 months of purchase. I had a similar experience with my previous purchase. But a guy from the seller called back and assured me that this was a rare error and that they were not responsible. Subsequently, I purchased another one from them and this laptop has crashed too and is refusing to restart. Seller has to rethink on sales of such items. "
"Good seller"
"Quick despatch, nice packaging. desires A++"
"Awesome Seller, Genuine product."
"Awesome Service by Amazon and GadgetsGuru , Very Good Packing , Securely Delivered To Me , And All The Above They Post Think By India Post Which Make Me Trust More Than Other Courier Service , Deliver in 2.5 Day Awesome Response And Speed "
"the delivery experience was very good, item description and customer service was amazing"
"Wonderful and prompt service. Five stars to Amazon and the seller."
"Working well and prompt delivery service.  Thank you"
"packaging and quality of product are good.
delivery of the product is not done as expected."
"Received described item with excellent packing. Thanks to Amazon.


"
"Item as described. Arrived in 2 days."
"waste time,unsatisfied,"
"good Timing"
"good services"
"good  services"
"received package before time.great service."
"everything good"
"Excellent service experience for me!!!"
"good packing"
"Not able to track the package."
"good"
"It was good thanks."
"Nice one.. Satisfied.."
"Very good seller. Fast delivery. Reasonable price."
"As usual, Amazon.com is lightening fast & prompt. It is like Rely On Us (Reliance) and they will do the rest. Thanks for speed delivery. I am tired on telling thanks to Amazon."
"very fast delivery and item is as described"
"Very good seller.. Received product before time.."
"good ang promt delivery"
"I have given a good rating above."
"this seller is really professional , thank you"
"Prompt Service."
"Excellent. Got it within guaranteed two days."
"Pl avoid this seller as they take orders of the item which they do not have in stock and don't expect timely delivery from them. Don't waste your time and money with the seller 'Gadgets Guru'."
"Received Item just as described by seller. But GATI is the worst shipment service I ever faced. Worst handling, worst tracking, worst behavior. If Amazon keep their bonding with GATI, they are going towards big big trouble. Because GATI is simply too bad."
"Could have been better had the FedEx package arrived on time. The seller did a good job."
"Excellent delivery with neat packaging"
"EXCELLENT SERVICE"
"Belkin C400 F5Z0320au Premium Wireless Keyboard with Mouse (Black)  this was my order ... 

I received only Mouse !!! The service is very poor, i am trying to contact them but could not able to do so ..."
"While the delivery date offered was a little late, they shipped far before that date. Items arrived in good packaging."
"Great product ...Prompt delivery..Good Packaging :)"
"i end up with Empty Box not even the mobile phone box REALLY (purchased a mobile phone) i was like WTF ? i was long waited just this piece of box."
"Item was well packed and delivered in 3 days after placing order.
 "
"Item shipped on time and arrived in good condition without any damage even to the outer cardboard box. "
"Good service."
"What to tell it fullfilled by amazon abous excellent"
"Item is good,but its almost 3.5 years old ...please mention it so a good relation will be maintained by the customer too"
"Very Neat Packing"
"Excellent from Amazon"
"ordered phone NOKIA 520 did not respond at all.Refund is still awaited on 19.11.2013."
"your customer service executive not pick up the phone"
"good"
"I ordered for PS/2 mouse and got USB mouses instead. I wonder how they are amazon fulfilled. "
"The charger of the mobile was found not working. Poor service and inspection."
"In 2 days only I got my mobile."
"Super fast delivery within 3 days of order. Ordered this with another product and received both of them within 3 days."
"Excellent service and product."
"please deliver the product for which the order has been placed......Ordered G400 and got G400s......returning the product after speaking with  Amazon C.care...Regards..."
"Inspite of agree seller returned the product. I am waiting since last 15 days.but seller take suomoto dicision for return."
"WELL PACKED AND TIMELY DELIVERED"
"On time delivery ... product in excellent condition .. no complaints"
"the product is nice and working nicely."
"good"
"Excellent service"
"Quick delivery Thanks to Seller and India Post.
Genuine Item with bill..."
"Got the delivery on the day as mentioned while placing the order...good packaging..and the headset is working like a charm!"
"Excellent service, delivered the packet before the expected target date."
"Very good product at cheap price, good packing and fast shipping."
"Apple Ipod Shuffle Cheapest online at 2775 rs
Thanks Amazon."
".."
"Good and prompt delivery and shopping experience"
"No nonsense dealer. Got the item on time, with excellent packing. Price was not too cheap, but it was a fair deal. "
"Good pricing. Order was fulfilled by Amazon, so no point commenting about packing & delivery."
"Damaged Piece Delivered. This is Very BAD, no response from any one . This is un faithfull trading site "
"I got my headphones today. Great product. Thank you Gadget guru. Service was awesome. "
"Item contents were more that what was describe.
Memory Card & HDMI cable was not described in contents but those were included in box pack. Also there was mail communication between me & Amazon for these items & they confirmed that seller has not provided these contents so will not be there in package. Hence I ordered Memory card separately.  "
"Quality product and prompt delivery"
"It was my first shopping experience with Amazon. this item was to be delivered by GadgetsGuru but I recieved the item from OTS e-Solutions Pvt. Ltd. I dont know how it could be possible. Anyways it doesnt affect me coz it cost me the same price it was mentioned. And the speakers were intact. And I hope amazon will look after this that it does not change the Seller as I experienced."
"Product as described, happy with the service"
"Very Good Packing."
"The phone is giving out some weird sound whenever we switch on phone, or open any application. I have submitted the same to Nokia care. They have told me that it would take 10 days to check and rectify. I need a confirmation to return the product if this isn't rectified!!!!!"
"Excellent Service and Product Quality"
"I think  the production was done from  chinaand i want to know wether its common to  all or not"
"Worst seller i have seen on Shopping website. Yes worst that the ebay sellers. Responds to your queries after 2 days.
Do not send the items on time. resulting in late delivery. 
Updates the tracking no after 4 days of sending the Item.
Keep away from this seller. 
"
"Delivery was prompt and smooth. "
"Quality of the ear phone nice for the price paid. Long cable will make its use easier. Microphone is good for chatting. Overall its a good buy."
"Unreliable seller"
"It would be ideal if the seller contacts buyer just to confirm the delivery and maybe a question about the feeling of the service provided."
"Prompt shipping but poor delivery. Shipment was not delivered by FedEx even after 3 days after it reached the destination - FedEx didn't even have the courtesy to tell me when it will be delivered. On intimation from my side, Amazon stepped in to force FedEx deliver it on the 4th day."
"Good seller"
"Prompt."
"good service.. i got it in itme"
"Finally got my trimmer. Packing is good from Amazon. Product was delivered before the estimated time. Thanks Amazon.. Kudos to seller!!!"
"a bargain"
"Very good seller, prompt delivery"
"Everything was fine as I ordered."
"well service"
" Excellent item and ontime delivery. Over all good seller with great service. "
"overall, a good product. Worth it.."
"Delivery reached before due date, good product, average customer service by Amazon as the product was fulfilled by Amazon."
"Courier came without calling. I was not home. Please send contact no of courier or telll him to deliver after calling me. My phone nos. is 9495 581 747 or 9400 727 847. Thanks. Suku Oonnithan"
"Superfast delivery......got it within 4 days....thanks GadgetsGuru.....thanks Amazon.in"
"As described"
"Very Good Service.."
"Reliable seller"
"good experience"
"good seller"
"quality of product was good ."
"good"
"Good & Genuine Seller, Prompt delivery."
"excellent delivery time, excellent product "
"I do not know why it takes so long to deliver here. Even on a camels back it should have come in a weeks time from Delhi
I have bought many things from Amazon in UK.There even free supersaver delivery takes only aweek
I am still waiting for the two books I ordered earlier
Amazon should do something about it!
Dr Gnanavolivu"
"Prompt delivery. Recommended!"
"Excellent sevice...product arrived actually a day earlier..."
"The book I ordered was not wrapped in BOPP, so was the Headset...Seller also took a week to deliver and required 2/3 followups from my side..."
"actually the product is 4th generation and by mistake in amazon its written 6th generation."
"Very prompt delivery"
"Delivered 2 days before the expected date!! Excellent packing!! Thank You GadgetsGuru!!!!! Highly recommended!!"
"nooo"
"thought it would be used..
but impressed by  the phone"
"worst delivery services from Amazon ...
i didn't expect...........
it took 10 days i placed my order i have not yet received my order......."
"Really good product, prompt delivery."
"They took 15 days to deliver my iPhone 5 but as it was at a special price i'm Happy.Thanks GG & team Amazon."
"DELIVERY AND PACKING IS DONE WELL AND PRODUCT IS OK TO BUY"
"Very Good "
"Good "
"Amazing seller..the mouse is just as i expected..the courier was delayed by one day though..but overall good service..totally satisfied and recommending to everyone"
"5"
"yes"
"I am really disappointed with the way the item was delivered to me, I ordered the Blue earphones and get a Red/Pink one delivered to me, this is not what i expect from Amazon fulfilled item and more over they say no replacement only returns now i have to wait for the cash to get refunded to buy a new one. i should have chosen ebay or Flipkart over Amazon.in which i will."
"Quick delivery and well packaged "
"I bought Nokia 109 Form this seller. The product and shipping are good."
"I have ordered a Nokia battery on 13-Aug-2013, but I have not received the item till October 28.  "
"good"
"Good Seller.Asset to Amazon.5 Star"
"Quick service, Good Packing. Keep it up!"
"Everything is good.. but I didn't recieve the hard copy of INVOICE and warrenty card.

Thanks,
Gourab"
"Good Product & Quick delivery"
"Instant delivery"
"I did not need to contact seller as item was amazon fulfilled."
"Seller sent me a fake USB drive. Not the original Sandisk Cruzer Fit. It didn't have cap, the LED was missing, and most of all, Sandisk Launchpad software identified the device as "not a Sandisk compatible device". 

I mailed the seller multiple times. At first, they maintained that it is not fake. When I sent them proof, they said they would call me, but the call never happened.

Avoid this seller. I do not buy from ebay because there are lot of counterfeit pen drives there. Now it looks like it is the same story with Amazon sellers as well."
" item as described, excellent delivery !!"
"Good and fast service"
"Received the item within 48 hours of placing the order. The product was received in working conditions without any defects."
"Timely delivered even on sunday."
"Good Service"
"Good seller. Looking forward to more such purchases
"
"The product received in time and well packed"
"My first purchase from Amazon.in. Good one..."
"Very nice product from logitech. I have been using this from past couple of months. There is no glitch in this product yet. Certainly recommend the same"
"Received packet was already opened. I have to return back the consignment."
"Delivered on time. Smooth transaction"
"Item was well Packed.. But Item was not as described so returned soon after opening.. Casual experience.."
"Good Price and Original."
"good"
"While the Amazon carton was intact, the product itself came in a battered, OPENED box. The headphones have definitely BEEN USED before - they came SWITCHED ON in plastic wrap that was crumpled, and what's more there were SPECKS OF DUST on the charging stand, and a STICKY RESIDUE too. Absolutely shocking!"
"Product is good, however the serial no. is not there on the product and as well it is made in china. Original product is made in netherlands. hence the product sold is a duplicate one."
"Got this product in just two days and really great service."
"really good service"
"Nice packing really liked it."
"Awesome price.. Shipped super fast.. great experience"
"received the item in very good condition. Thank you."
"Good seller with immediate dispatch of the product."
"The model supplied was correct but the colours were different- orange and white on the website, but what was delivered was blue and white."
"Wonderful experience. :)"
"good service"
"Prompt and timely service. "
"Good, But unfortunately after 2 weeks of buying rates on flipkart were slashed drastically. Great service by Gadgetguru and Amazon and pathetic service from bluedart."
"the left speaker should 
not works properly after words i correct it & it gives clear performance.subwoofer gives superbb bass.i recommand u for buy this product . thanks to amazon"
"The product was packed properly, and is working well. What more do you expect from a simple mouse..."
"I got the manufacturing defect product :( "
"Very good"
"Nice service"
"I Have received the Item in 8th Oct 2013, ""
"Good seller .. quick delivery in 3 days"
"Items are as described and arrived quickly. I recommend him!"
"Fast delivery and excellent product. Nexus 7 is an amazing tablet."
"Fast delivery and excellent product."
"it was good"
"Product as described. Fast delivery. Highly recommended."
"Very nice shopping experience..."
"Excellent, Fast delivery with good packing"
"Item was as per specifications, Fast delivery! thanks 4 the super deal!"
"POOR RESPONSE...THE SELLER CONFIRMED IN WRITING ON MAIL AND AMAZON TOO CONFIRMED ABOUT THE DISPATCH BUT IN REALITY THERE WAS IN TOTAL 50 MAILS TRANSACTED BETWEEN ALL OF US AND THE PRODUCT REACHED AFTER SEVERAL WRONG CONFIRMATIONS (I THINK AT-LEAST TEN TIMES THE DELIVERY DATE WAS POSTPONED AND WITH POOR RESPONSE)"
"A good trimmer."
"The product is superb and the customer service too"
"the package didn't reach the destination.However, it's been 6 days since I placed the order"
"Product received in good condition as expected. Will prefer this seller for subsequent purchases."
"Delivered on date as indicated.There were shipment tracking SMS's sent.Item was well packed."
"nice product"
"SIM Slot not working... Didn't Notice before, not Amazon is not ready to replace."
"The delivery is on time. When I was unable to collect the item for the first time as I was in office they rescheduled it and delivered it as per my requested time. The item was packed properly and as per the specification."
"good seller. excellent packing..good product"
"malfunctioning micro usb"
"Excellent packing and shipping, delivered in 7 days, although the expected time given by the seller was 25 days!!"
"The product was packaged properly and was delivered before the estimated delivery date."
"Nice seller, Nice Packing"
"As expected"
"I really appreciate your.  Kindly send me a copy of your Bill to my email ID: rschinnachamy@gmail.com immediately.  Thank you."
"Good packaging and fast delivery :)"
"Thanks"
"Very fast shipping!"
"Good product.. you cant expect a better product at this price. Good response for both music and movies. Perform good in very high volume level also. Cable length is just satisfactory it is bit shorter while comparing to other earphones. This seller offered free shipping and delivery was fast.  "
"Thanks. recommended product."
